[Autogenerated] All right, Welcome to this clip on cloudwatch events.
Now Amazon defines cloudwatch events as being able to
deliver near real time streams of events that happen in our
AWS systems to our resource is now,
here's kind of a breakdown of how cloudwatch events work.
We essentially have users and then are monitored.
Resource is that we set up and then what happens with this is our AWS user
makes a change to some of those monitored resource is now on the back in
here that causes or triggers a cloudwatch event.
And with these events,
we have target rules which are just sleeping in waiting to
be triggered by our cloudwatch event.
So as soon as this event is monitored and log,
it's gonna trigger our target rule.
So it executes that automation.
And what this target rule executing is going to do is it
can maybe make changes to those monitor resource is or can
even email the admin saying, Hey, there was an event here,
and this is what happened.
So it's actually look at this in the AWS console.
I'm gonna scroll over here to events and I'm gonna
click on getting started here, so the first thing we do is create an event rule.
Now, rules are used to invoke targets based on cloudwatch events,
and we can see the first thing here is an event source so we can do an event
pattern where it's gonna match a certain AP I call or pattern.
Or we can even set a schedule so we can have a rate based schedule
or a Krahn expression if you're familiar with those so we can run
these events on a fixed schedule, depending on different use cases.
Now, an important note here is that for cloudwatch event rules,
when you make them a rate based rule, when you initially create them,
they're going to immediately be executed.
So you're going to invoke your target immediately and
then on that fixed rate expression.
So I'm gonna select event pattern for this clip,
and I'm gonna scroll down here and let's select our service name
and you can see that it monitors pretty much every single
service name that exists in a ws Now.
Not all of these are going to have event sources that
are defaulted for cloudwatch events, but what you can do is define your own AP.
I call for these services, so if they're not offered,
you can customize that to be monitored.
Let's just select E C two for this clip here.
And then instead of all events, let's do a E C.
Two instance, state change notification.
So any time an instance state changes, we want to get notified.
And let's set this to specific states.
I don't want to do all states I want to monitor for, Let's say pending.
So when it's starting up and then we'll also say running.
So any time any other instances switch,
depending or running this should invoke this event.
And if we wanted to, we could get more specific.
But I don't really want to.
Let's do all instances now.
We see here below.
There's an event pattern preview,
and this is sort of what it's gonna look like as far as the event pattern
and then below that we can actually look at sample events.
So this is kind of what the event is going to look like when it
gets caught and it gets passed to our target.
So this is the payload that gets passed to our invoked target.
So let me scroll up here and you can see the next thing we do is we select
a target that we want to invoke something to click on.
Add target here it defaults to Lambda.
But if you click this,
you can see we can do thons of different resource is there's
several different easy to related ones.
We can kick off a codebuild project batch job, maybe an E.
C s task.
I mean, really lots of different possibilities for this particular clip.
Let's do Lambda function here.
And I made a Lambda function called event tester that basically just
prints out to the logs the event that was received.
So if we wanted to, we can also configure the version an alias.
I don't have any, so we'll leave default.
And then the last thing we see here is configure input
so we can pass in the matched event.
We can pass in part of the matched event.
So weaken scan for a particular piece of this Jason and Onley pass that in,
we can set a constant Jason payload.
So no matter what this looks like over here in the event that's coming in,
we can send it a constant pattern or we can transform the input.
So if we want to transform it to a different type of template, we can do that.
Let's go and leave matched event for now because I want to
pass the entire event and I'm gonna scroll down and I'm
gonna click on configure details.
Now, the last thing we do here is create a rule name.
So I'll call this E C two and the description will leave blank.
And we're gonna make sure that this state is enabled.
Now,
another important piece here is we can see that cloudwatch events won't
add the necessary permissions to invoke the targets.
So in our case,
it's going to add the permission for cloudwatch
events to invoke our land a function.
So what I'm gonna do here is create our rule and
now you can see are easy to rule.
So this is going to be invoked or executed any time we have a
pending or running on any of our e c two instances in this region
and you can see we can monitor it and view the targets here so we
can see our event test her target.
So let me open this in a new tab here and you can see that it
added Are cloudwatch event here as a trigger?
And there it is, our rule, which is easy to,
and you can also see the event pattern that will be monitored.
So let's go ahead and test this out.
Let me close this and I'm gonna open up E c to here and
let's go and start up one of our instances.
So in theory, once I start one of these stop instances,
it should enter a pending state.
And that's to be enough to trigger our event so you can see it's
pending and that alone should have triggered our event.
So if I goto logs here, I find our event tester log stream.
We can actually see in this log stream here at the bottom,
which is the time that I just did it 53 minutes after the hour.
We can see our received event.
So this is similar to that sample event that we got to view earlier.
We see our source are detailed type the cloudwatch I D,
which is a unique I d for the invocation,
and then we can see the resource is that essentially triggered this event.
So is the instance ending in seven e five b?
So let's make sure there we go seven e five b.
So that's how we can use these cloudwatch events to monitor and then invoke
some other service downstream based on that incoming event.
And really quickly.
We can also see that it also picked up that it was running,
so it switched from pending to running for that same instance.
Now, that's going to do it for this cloudwatch event clip.
We're gonna go and wrap this up,
and I'll see you in the next one where we're going to start diving into compliance, specifically cloud trail.